Track 01.07
Ryan: Good morning.
Is this the teachers’ room?
Alice: Yes, it is. Are you a new student?
Ryan: No, I’m not. I’m a new teacher.
Alice: Oh, are you Ryan?
Ryan: Yes, Ryan Robson.
Alice: It’s nice to meet you, Ryan.
I’m Alice Long, the school manager.
Ryan: Nice to meet you, too.
Alice: Where are you from, Ryan?
Ryan: I’m from Leeds, in England, in the UK.
Alice: Oh, right.
Ryan: And you?
Alice: I’m from Boston, in the USA.
Ryan: Really? Boston’s a nice city.
Alice: Well, your class is 1A.
Ryan: OK.
Alice: This is the class list.
It’s a small class.
There are eight students.
Ryan: What countries are they from?
Alice: Let’s see. Err…
Ana and Sofia are from Italy.
Lee and Ping are from China.
Daniela is from Brazil
and Manuel is Spanish.
Ryan: And Alim and Fehim.
Those are Turkish names.
Are they from Turkey?
Alice: Yes, that’s right.
OK, this is your desk
and here are your books ...